Update orchestration cluster as defined in glossary, remove orchestration cluster core definition (#5537)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/glossary.md

### Orchestration cluster

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, and Tasklist, but may include optional components like Optimize and Connectors. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Reviewer: My feedback:

* Yes, let's remove the "Orchestration Core" - that does not make sense.
* Optimize is not part of the "Orchestration Cluster"
* "may" => unclear how to understand this from a user perspective, when it is included and not.
* However, I would suggest defining the Orchestration Cluster from a functionality perspective and not what components it includes. In the end, it is "just" an application that serves a certain purpose which can be clustered.
* I would define it in the following direction:
> An Orchestration Cluster is a distributed process engine responsible for executing BPMN processes, and DMN decisions. It serve an API that allows user to interact with the distributed process engine, for example, to create process instances and UIs to interact with them.
From a deployment perspective process engine, APIs and webapps are part of a single application distributed as a java application and docker image: link to docker image and java download.
Besides the engine, typically a Connectors Runtime is deployed that helps integrate with external systems.
In SaaS a Cluster per default includes the engine, API, web applications like Operate and Tasklist as well as the Connector Runtime. You can run the Connectors Runtime as Hybrid Connector as well and deploy it in your own infrastructure or cloud.

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, and Tasklist, but may include optional components like Optimize and Connectors. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Reviewer 2: Considering this is preparing for 8.8 architecture, I would frame it more something like this

```suggestion
An orchestration cluster includes the Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and an orchestration cluster level Identity. With these, it can autonomously execute process workloads, serve the relevant Frontend UIs, ensure authentication and authorization, and serve the gRPC and REST APIs. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).
```

Author: I made small tweaks and will accept this suggestion.

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and an orchestration cluster-level Identity. With these, it can autonomously execute process workloads, serve the relevant frontend UIs, ensure authentication and authorization, and serve the gRPC and REST APIs. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Reviewer 3: @Langleu, Am I correct that you propose the "Orchestration Platform" instead of "Orchestration cluster"?

With the Orchestration cluster, we refer here to a set of services that work together so they represent a single system.  While the Orchestration platform is a much broader term that includes everything, including Clients, tools and clusters.
So with this specific term-cluster described more accurately. We might add another reference to define the platform if we refer to everything. 
wwdyt?

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and an orchestration cluster-level Identity. With these, it can autonomously execute process workloads, serve the relevant frontend UIs, ensure authentication and authorization, and serve the gRPC and REST APIs. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Author: This is a symptom of the architecture changes, but it's part of why I invited you to review and participate in this conversation. 

As far as I understand the 8.8 architecture, we won't have separate or distinct "clustering" concepts for Zeebe. It's part of the Orchestration cluster, meaning concepts like brokers, leaders, etc. should fold into the Orchestration cluster.

I'm still unclear on the technical implementation details with respect to other platforms, such as Kubernetes. Does a Kubernetes cluster directly map to the Orchestration cluster? Does a SaaS cluster directly map to the Orchestration cluster? I'm not sure. Can we remove some of these other uses of cluster? If so, which ones?

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and an orchestration cluster-level Identity. With these, it can autonomously execute process workloads, serve the relevant frontend UIs, ensure authentication and authorization, and serve the gRPC and REST APIs. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Author: @romansmirnov @MaxTru @theburi please see this thread regarding the overloading of "cluster".

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and an orchestration cluster-level Identity. With these, it can autonomously execute process workloads, serve the relevant frontend UIs, ensure authentication and authorization, and serve the gRPC and REST APIs. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Reviewer 4: If the former concepts fold into `Orchestration Cluster`, is then the `Workflow Engine` equal to the `Orchestration Cluster`?

If not, then I don't think it's very understandable for a user on what's going on, even if it may make sense to us internally. 
If yes, then why do I need two words describing the same thing.

---
Regarding other uses in combination with the word cluster.
`Kubernetes Cluster` is used within the context of an Ingress and maybe we should actually link to definitions of the word `Kubernetes Cluster` and `Ingress Controller`. We may assume people will know that it's not the same but why not just make it bulletproof.

`SaaS cluster` and `Self-Managed cluster` is used within the `Hybrid mode`, which is linked to the Connectors.
Within its docs pages it mentions `Camunda SaaS cluster` and I guess we could use that but should then define what actually a `Camunda cluster` means since it's not isolated to how `Cluster` is described within the Glossary page or mention a `SaaS managed orchestration cluster` and same for self-managed. If `Orchestration cluster` is the word we're going for, which then again is also wrong as it would not include Connectors, Optimize and in this case also Web-Modeler.

That's why I mentioned in the comment thread below that in my operational pov it's about the org / managerial distribution of Camunda components and not about their functionality.

> The purpose of a glossary is to provide clear definitions or explanations of terms, phrases, or abbreviations that are used in a technical field.

Of course, we have a common understanding of what the words mean but one has to look at this from a person that has never had contact with Camunda, that's why they are on this page.

---

Following is taking it to an extreme, so take it with some humor:
`Welcome to Camunda, we're are deploying a Camunda Self-Managed Cluster within a Kubernetes Cluster consisting of an orchestration cluster. Within the orchestration cluster, you'll find the workflow engine and other functionally driven components like Operate and Tasklist to fully enable your experience with the workflow engine for process automation. The workflow engine itself consists of a Zeebe cluster, which is basically a clustered environment with brokers that act as leader and follower. Besides those components you'll also find an orchestration cluster level identity within the orchestration cluster. That Identity is different to the other Identity you will need for Optimize, Web-Modeler, and Console. Connectors on the other hand is capable of using the orchestration cluster level identity. Optimize and Connectors are not part of the orchestration cluster but highly coupled to the orchestration cluster. You will be able to find this in a SaaS and Self-managed cluster flavour and nothing of that is linked to the Kubernetes cluster, you may run your Camunda 8 installation on a Toaster if you get it to run.`

> An orchestration cluster includes Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and an orchestration cluster-level Identity. With these, it can autonomously execute process workloads, serve the relevant frontend UIs, ensure authentication and authorization, and serve the gRPC and REST APIs. Previously [automation cluster](#automation-cluster).

Reviewer 5: @theburi, do we have any decision here already? 

I was just wanted to add one more thought. In the context of the unified configuration the "orchestration cluster" is called simply core. So e.g. in the Helm Chart everything related to the orchestration cluster is set under "core" at the moment. 

I was wondering if this could be another input to consider for the naming. I imagine it being confusing for the users reading about "orchestration cluster" (or what it will be) and then configuring "core" in the HC configuration.
